Automated snapshots info and perf replication.mdx (#23985)
hashicorp/vault: website/content/docs/enterprise/replication.mdx

relatively horizontally with the number of secondaries rather than vertically as
in the past.

> ~> Note: Automated integrated storage snapshots are not replicated in Performance Replication. Each Vault cluster (forming the Primary and Secondary Vault Performance Replicas) should be configured to create separate automated snapshots.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<Note title="Performance replication does not include automated integrated storage snapshots">

Vault does not replicate automated integrated storage snapshots as a part of
performance replication. 

You must explicitly configure each of the primary and secondary performance
clusters to create individual automated snapshots replicas.

</Note>
```

Style correction: write in active voice, use new aside notation
